# unconditional-mpc
unconditional-mpc is an MPC framework.

It contains a compiler, written in Python, for translating programs in a simple imperative language into a list of instructions.

It contains a runtime, written in Golang, which allows several parties to run the protocol specified by such a list of instructions. 

# Installation
First install Python and Go, and clone repository.

To run the compiler, the package 'ply' must be installed. 
First install pip, if not done already. Then run the following:
```bash
python -m pip install ply
```

# Running compiler
To compile a program, the general command is:
```bash
python compile_script.py input_path -o output_path
```
To test that this works, try running the following:
```bash
python compile_script.py example_programs/input.txt -o instructions.txt
```
This should result in the following appearing in instructions.txt:

```txt
INPUT 1 a
INPUT 2 b
PLUS a b sum
OUTPUT sum output
```

For each party that provides an input to the protocol, the input must be stored in a file of the format:

```txt
a = 42
```

The runtime can be executed using the command:

```bash
go run main.go program_path input_path_prefix config_path
```

Where ```program_path``` is the path to the instructions generated by the compiler, ```input_path_prefix``` is a prefix of the path to the file storing a node's input using the convention that each node's input file has the index of the node appended to it. ```config_path``` is an optional path to a file specifying the parameters of the secret sharing scheme, i.e. the number of participants, the threshold and the prime defining the field.

Not providing any arguments to the runtime will run a test specified in ```main.go``` equivalent of providing the arguments:

```bash
go run main.go player/tests/compiled/prog player/tests/compiled/input player/tests/compiled/config
```

# Language guide
For a specification of the source language used for writing programs to the compiler, please see the project report pdf.
